NetMeter

A network activity monitor for Android to keep track of transmit and receive counters on
the mobile data network and the wifi interface. The display screen shows the cumulative numbers
in a table and a graph of historic bps measured by sampling the counters every 5s. In addition to 
interface counters, CPU utilization is tracked - both current and historical evolution.

One of the initial motivations for writing this was the lack of monitoring of what activities
newly installed applications might be doing in the background - badly affecting battery life. 
Networking and CPU activity are just 2 indicators of such activity. On the other hand running
this application itself has a negative impact on battery life, due to the 5s background polling.

The application uses a combination of main activity and local, in-process service to appear as an
interactive application which can continue running in the background until the user explcitly
exits it. While running a persistent notification is posted in the status bar, which can be used
 at any time to bring up the display activity.
 
 All counters are kept in memory of the service and are not persistent across reboot or even
 restart of the application. For the wifi network, even disabling/enabling the interface will
 reset the counters.
 
 Most of the data is read directly from /proc and been tested on a T-Mobile G1 with R1 image.
 Setup on other systems may vary and the application may not work.
 
 Menu:
 - reset: reset cumulative counter values
 - toggle scale: change history graph timescale by circulating between 15min, 30min, 1h,
   3h, 6h, 12h and 24h - up to the level at which data is available.
 - show tasks: display a list of active tasks with their percentage of CPU used during the last
   30 seconds.
 - stop: stop stats collection service and exit application.

Author: Bernhard Suter (Bernhard.R.Suter-at-gmail-dot-com)
License: http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
Source: http://code.google.com/p/android-labs/source/browse/#svn/trunk/NetMeter

November 2008: Initial release for the Android platform running on T-Mobile G1.
January 2009: Add support for CPU usage by task display